# User Stories - 

Administrator:- 
1. As a CDAC Administrator, I want to login, so that I can monitor the Examination process.
2. As a CDAC Administator, I want to update the courses and subjects, so that institute and students are well informed about current industrial requirements.
3. As a CDAC Administator, I want to allocate the name of Exam Coordinator and Institute Coordinator, so that communication between students,institutes and CDAC will be smooth.
4. As a CDAC Administator, I want to allocate the name of Exam Coordinator and Institute Coordinator, so that authentic data like student name, subject content and result been provided.
5. As a CDAC Administator, I want to access all the data, so that monitoring become easier for me and can provide further updation.

Student :- 
1. As a student, I need to submit my details to store them in a database so that details will be available throught the process.
2. As a student, I need to be able to see pop up message on screen displaying that 'details have been stored successfully' so that user will go for next process.
3. As a student, I need to be able to verify my 'mobile number' while registration, so that there will be no duplicate entries for mobile number in database.
4. As a student, I need to be able to verify email while registration, so that there will be no duplicate entries for email in database.
5. As a Student,I need to be able to login so that  As a student, I need to be able to see 'Resend OTP' option if OTP gets expired or exceeds the time limit,so that i can validate my details.
6. As a student, I need to be able be able to see 'login' option or 'login link'  after successful registration, so that I can redirect to 'login' page.
7. As a student, I need to be able to generate my 'Username' and 'Password' , so that I can use it for authentication.
8. As a student, I need to be able to receive my 'Username' and 'Password' on my email, so that it can permanently saved in my storage. 
9. As a student, I need to be able to submit feedback, so that exam coordinator consider them while updating the system.
10. As a student, I want to login to examination portal so I can select the examination center my choice.

Exam Co-ordinator:-
1. As a exam coordinator, I need to be register and authenticate myself, so that i can access my 'Exam management Portfolio'.
2. As a exam coordinator, I need to be able to create and upload exams on student portal, so that they can give their exams on their portal.
3 - As a exam coordinator, i need to be able to see feedback given by students on my portal,so that i can consider it while updatinf the system.
4 - As a exam cordinator, i need to be able to see the list of students who have appeared for the exam or who has passed/failed, so that it will be easy for evaluation.
5 - As a exam coordinator, i need to be able restrict ot allow particular individual if they didnt match any shortlisting criteria, so that it will be easy for evaluating candidates.

Institute Co-ordinator:-

1 - As a institute coordinator, i need to be able register/authenticate myself, so that i can access my portal.
2 - As a institute coordinator, i need to be able to see list of students who appeared for the exam from my institute, so that it will be easy for monitoring student throughout the course.
3 - As a institute coordinator , i need to be able to see the attendence of each students throughout the course, so that i will be easy for shortlisting the condidates withing particular criteria.

Tech Support:
1. As a tech support, I want to monitor each an every examination system, so that exam is conducted smoothly.


